# Learning Llamas (Team 2) Meeting
## sprint-review-1
## 5/27/2023, 10:00am-12:00pm on Zoom
---
## Attendance
- [x] Aaron
- [x] Ian
- [x] Jane
- [x] Preston
- [x] Zheng 
- [] Daniel 
- [x] Fuyao 
- [x] Leon
- [] Zichen

## Personal Updates:
# Daniel
* HTML skeleton created and still work in progress

# Leon
* Figma created

# Fuyao
* CSS style sheet created and still work in progress

# Zichen
* All images have been added to the repo

# Ian
* Updating issues and project board

# Aaron
* Fixed user input questions and responses are set
* Finishing up all the different responses based on positivity rating

# Preston
* Backend functions have been outlined
* Most basic minimally required functions have been implemented

# Jane
* Local storage functions implemented

# Zheng
* Dropdown menu for the user input and response generation is done

## General Updates:
* CI/CD pipeline still needs work, need to get it done for first build to get done

## Next steps:
* Work on CI/CD pipeline
* Retrospective meeting 05-28-2023 1:30-3pm
* Set up next sprint
