# Learning Llamas (Team 2) Meeting
## backend-meeting-3
## 06/06/2023, 4:00-5:00pm CSE Basement
---
## Attendance
- [x] Aaron
- [x] Ian
- [x] Jane
- [x] Preston
- [x] Zheng 

## Updates:
* Current verion is not functional
* Team is working on fixing the bugs
* Zheng created a different working version on card.html
* Puppeteer is not working, needs to be fixed
* scripts.js file currently used for card.html
* Working on changing scripts.js file back to index.html


## Next steps:
* Revert to working version from last week
* Make sure CRUD functionality and all backend is functional before meeting tomorrow
* During meeting tomorrow, work with frontend to finalze UI/UX
* During meeting, figure all the testing and troubleshooting
* Next meeting combined 3-5pm 06/07/2023 CSE Basement
